[Docs] add description how to use plugin with pnp/yarn berry (#2179)
import-js/eslint-plugin-import: README.md

This option is also useful in a monorepo setup: list here all directories that contain monorepo's packages and they will be treated as external ones no matter which resolver is used.

> Also, this option can be used with plug'n'play mode. For example, if you are using `yarn berry` you can set `.yarn` folder and all your installed dependencies will be considered as `external`, otherwise it will be `internal`.

Reviewer: most users will have no idea what "plun'n'play mode" is, let alone yarn. What about:
```suggestion
If you are using `yarn` PnP as your package manager, add the `.yarn` folder and all your installed dependencies will be considered as `external`, instead of `internal`.
```

Author: Sounds good, fixed
